Ad ID 341
Ad Text Sadness and shocking tragedy at historically black church in Charlestone
*CLICK TO GET LIVE UPDATES ON OUR PAGE*
A white gunman opened a fire at pastor and 8 other church members at black
church in Charlestone, S.0 on Wednesday night. The young clean-shaved
shooter walked in during a prayer meeting and started shooting the people.
Charleston Police Chief Greg Mullen said that the incident would be
investigated as hate crime.
Emanuel AME Church is a historically Africa-American church which was
found by Denmark Vesey in order to organize a slave revolt in 1822.
Despite the first black American president, Africa-Americans remain the most
common victims of hate crimes. But what if the hate crime relates to
xenophobia? American xenophobia is based on the dominant white heritage
that is giving birth to another form of hate and discrimination. These forms
take another level of hate. Unfortunately, American tolerance is not what we
think it is. US public is swapping patriotism for nationalism, tolerance for
Islamophobia, racism and anti-immigrant sentiment. For instance, last
February American gunman killed three young Muslims two miles away from
the University of North Carolina campus. Was this gunman motivated by hate
and intolerance? Should we expect for more hate-crimes?
What if American racial change still occurs through generations? What of it
racism happens due to unequal opportunities? What if America is still a
deeply racist country? What if the church is not a safe place anymore?
#CharlestonShooting #chsnews
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/Black-Matters-1579673598947501/
Ad Targeting Location: United States: Baltimore Maryland; Ferguson, St. Louis Missouri;
Cleveland Ohio
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like Black Matters, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to Black Matters
Ad Impressions 5,072
Ad Clicks 274
Ad Spend 1,295.48 RUB
Ad Creation Date 06/18/15 04:36:59 AM PDT
Ad End Date 06/19/15 04:36:59 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002127

