Ad ID 343
Ad Text The violent pool story #3. White police officer slammed black teen against his
car
This black family from Ohio will never forget the June 9th. According to the
family's testimony, Krystal Dixon and her sister Maya Dixon took their eight
children, nephews and nieces to Ohio public school in a Fairfield.
Nevertheless, the pool employee demanded the family to leave due to one of
the children did not have swim trunks. One of the boys broke the rules and
the staff asked the family to leave. As six-months pregnant Krystal Dixon
walked to the parking lot, the police officer grabbed her arm and asked for an
ID-card. The witness video shows how the police officer pepper sprayed
Dixon's family and grabbed 12-year-old child by neck. But according to the
Fairfield police department, the white police officer did not use excessive
force.
Did the pool staff force them to leave because they were black? Was it a race
factor? Don't you think the police officer's attempt to arrest Krystal Dixon was
unlawful? How the police officers should be charged? What kind of right of
defense do you have against unlawful arrests?
These days, there is far more to being a "good cop" than choosing not to hurt
innocent people. Plus, when are we going to stop being stereotypical? Even
today, the stereotypes effect black population of the United States of America
transmitted through music, lyrics, titles, literature, movies and folk saying.
White Americans across the country embrace African-Americans the image of
criminals and looters. How are we going to live with that?
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/Black-Matters-1 579673598947501/
Ad Targeting Location: United States: Baltimore Maryland; Ferguson, St. Louis Missouri;
Cleveland Ohio
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like Black Matters, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to Black Matters
Ad Impressions 441
Ad Clicks 31
Ad Spend 91.73 RUB
Ad Creation Date 06/18/15 07:21:41 AM PDT
Ad End Date 06/19/15 07:21:41 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002129

