Ad ID 409
Ad Text Cornel West on Obama:"The First Black President Has Become The First
Niggerized Black President"
Reacting to President Obama's use of the n-word on Marc Maron's podcast,
Cornel West called him the first "niggerized" president in an appearance on
CNN. West criticized Obama as "a person who is afraid and intimidated when
it comes to putting a spotlight on white supremacy."
"A niggerized black person is a black person who is afraid and scared and
intimidated when it comes to putting a spotlight on white supremacy and
fighting against white supremacy," West explained. "So when many of us said
we have to fight against racism, what were we told?'No, he can't deal with
racism because he has other issues, political calculations. He's the president
of all America, not just black America.' We know he's president of all America
but white supremacy is American as cherry pie."
West is right as usual. African minorities would choose Mr. West in 2009 and
2012 instead of Obama. But we had no choice. Cornel is a good leader, he
knows what black community is suffering from. Obama was promoted by big
corporations owned by white people. Obama never tried to protect blacks
from police pressure, never tried to stop police violence against blacks. Just
count how many black lives were destroyed during his presidency. The
number is horrific.
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/Black-Matters-1 579673598947501/
Ad Targeting Location: United States: Baltimore Maryland; Ferguson, St. Louis Missouri;
Cleveland Ohio
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like Black Matters, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to Black Matters
Ad Impressions 0
Ad Clicks 0
Ad Spend None
Ad Creation Date 06/24/15 06:03:43 AM PDT
Ad End Date 06/25/15 06:03:42 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002243

