Ad ID 654
Ad Text NOM'S LAST ATTEMPT TO BAN SAME SEX MARRIAGE
National Organization for Marriage is asking all of the GOP presidential
candidates to sign an anti-equality pledge. Let's take a look at just how crazy
this pledge gets.
That's just nuts! They want candidates to support a constitutional
amendment to ban marriage nationwide. This will never happen. For the last
decade public support for marriage equality has gone from 35 percent to 55
percent!
But they don't stop there. NOM also wants candidates to "work to overturn
any Supreme Court decision" in favor of the freedom to marry. NOM wants
the president to only nominate judges who will uphold marriage bans, but at
this point, legal consensus so strongly supports marriage equality that
supporting marriage bans is a sign that person isn't qualified to be a judge.
Also, NOM wants the candidates to weaken civil rights laws, creating
loopholes to let companies and citizens to discriminate if they cite a religious
justification. That could actually happen — and it already has in some states —
so it's a huge concern.
And fifth, they want the Department of Justice to investigate harassment
against people who oppose marriage equality. Sure, gays and lesbians are
harassed every day, fired, kicked out of their homes and schools, separated
from their families, but I really hope soon there'll be NO MORE of it!
There's a part of me that feels very sad for NOM's fanatics. When they
finally kick the bucket, they'll be dealing with the reality (whether they openly
face it or not) that their Life's Work has amounted to NOTHING. Nothing they
worked for made anyone's life better. At all.
They didn't win, and they wasted their lives fighting against the inevitable.
And when they're dead and gone, they'll be remembered only as footnotes
in shameful history — or more likely they'll be forgotten completely.
#LGBT #NOM #SameSexMarriage #Marriage #SCOTUS #equality
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/LGBT-United-839497472793277/
Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like LGBT United, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to LGBT United
Ad Impressions 691
Ad Clicks 49
Ad Spend 183.93 RUB
Ad Creation Date 06/23/15 07:03:47 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002571

