Ad ID 423
Ad Text More riots are coming this summer ... unless
What is the most important thing the government must to do this year in order
our country to live in peace?
The criminal justice system is very important institution where law
enforcement investigate a crime gathering evidences to identify the presumed
perpetrator ensuring that rights of the convicted are respected. But what if
American criminal justice reform outdated and the country need to focus on a
renewed sense of justice? What if disproportionate punishment is the main
challenge of the criminal justice system?
Disproportionate punishments known far and wide across the United States of
America. Consequently, the victim's skin color plays a crucial role in deciding
what kind of punishment he will receive. For instance, you are more likely to
be sentenced to death if you have killed a white person. Frankly speaking, if
the government wants to keep the country away from the summer urban riots,
then they must think about the living standards of black population that is
several times below the living standards of white people in America. In
addition, the White House must reduce the unemployment rates of black
population by revising the hiring policy for black Americans.Therefore, if we
want a life's balance, the government have to reconsider all these things,
because Black Americans lives matter.
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/Black-Matters-1579673598947501/
Ad Targeting Location: United States: Baltimore Maryland; Ferguson, St. Louis Missouri;
Cleveland Ohio
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like Black Matters, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to Black Matters
Ad Impressions 1,012
Ad Clicks 83
Ad Spend 261.08 RUB
Ad Creation Date 06/23/15 07:43:35 AM PDT
Ad End Date 06/24/15 07:43:35 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002256

